README.md, before:

# sos-fixit-rails-api

## Quick start

```bash
rake db:create
rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=test
rspec
```

## User Stories:

###User Story 1:
```
As a helpful individual,
so that I can make myself available to help,
I would like to sign up and make a profile.
```

###User Story 2:
```
As a user,
So that other users can see what I can offer them,
I would like to list the skills on my profile.
```

### User Story 3:
```
As a user,
So that I can find people near me to help with a current issue,
I would like to be able to search by skill.
```

### User Story 4:
```
As a user,
So that I can safely leave the web app,
I would like to be able to sign out.
```

---

## Bonus User Stories

### User Story 5:
```
As a user,
So that I can get in touch with other users to use their skills,
I would like to view other users profiles and view their contact details.
```

### User Story 6:
```
As a user,
So that future users can see the quality of services provided,
I would like to be able to leave reviews for other users.
```

Commit message:

Updated README.md to amend user stories and include details on the required ruby version

README.md, after:

# sos-fixit-rails-api

## Quick start

```bash
rake db:create
rake db:migrate RAILS_ENV=test
rspec
```

## User Stories:

### User Story 1:
```
As a user,
So that I can make myself available to help other users,
I would like to sign up and make a profile.
```

### User Story 2:
```
As a user,
So that other users can see what I can offer them,
I would like to list my skills on my profile.
```

### User Story 3:
```
As a user,
So that I can find people nearby to help me with a problem,
I would like to be able to search other users by skill.
```

### User Story 4:
```
As a user,
So that I can exit the app,
I would like to be able to sign out.
```

---

## Bonus User Stories

### User Story 5:
```
As a user,
So that I can get in touch with other users to use their skills,
I would like to view other users profiles and view their contact details.
```

### User Story 6:
```
As a user,
So that future users can see the quality of services provided,
I would like to be able to leave reviews for other users.
```

## **Ruby Version**

This application requires Ruby 2.2.3 to run.  

If you do not have this installed, please run the following command from your terminal to do so:

```
rvm install "ruby-2.2.3"
```
